gh-106238: Handle KeyboardInterrupt during logging._acquireLock() (#106239)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-06-29-12-40-52.gh-issue-106238.VulKb9.rst

> Fix rare concurrency bug in lock acquire by the logging library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix rare concurrency bug in lock acquisition by the logging package.
```
